README.md, before:

# CodeWars

Repository for my Codewars solutions

Current Solutions:

- Reversing a string
- Descending Order
- Convert a String to a Number
- Roman Numerals Encoder
- I love you, a little , a lot, passionately ... not at all
- Categorize New Member
- Grasshopper - Summation
- Sum of two lowest positive integers
- Even or Odd
- Pete, the baker
- Find the vowels
- Disemvowel Trolls
- Are You Playing Banjo?
- Is this a triangle?
- Sum of positive
- The Robber Language
- Reverse words
- Powers of 2
- Number of People in the Bus
- Highest Scoring Word
- Find the smallest integer in the array
- Replace With Alphabet Position
- Find the odd int
- Complementary DNA
- Grasshopper - Personalized Message
- Calculate average
- Beeramid
- Your order, please
- Remove exclamation marks
- Abbreviate a Two Word Name
- The Feast of Many Beasts
- Beginner Series #4 Cockroach
- Transportation on vacation
- Find the first non-consecutive number
- Unique In Order
- Lost Without a Map
- Find the unique number
- A Needle in the Haystack
- Rock Paper Scissors!
- Grasshopper - Grade book
- Remove First and Last Character
- Calculate BMI
- Basic Mathematical Operations

Commit message:

Correct the mistakes of the character recognition software

README.md, after:

# CodeWars

Repository for my Codewars solutions

Current Solutions:

- Reversing a string
- Descending Order
- Convert a String to a Number
- Roman Numerals Encoder
- I love you, a little , a lot, passionately ... not at all
- Categorize New Member
- Grasshopper - Summation
- Sum of two lowest positive integers
- Even or Odd
- Pete, the baker
- Find the vowels
- Disemvowel Trolls
- Are You Playing Banjo?
- Is this a triangle?
- Sum of positive
- The Robber Language
- Reverse words
- Powers of 2
- Number of People in the Bus
- Highest Scoring Word
- Find the smallest integer in the array
- Replace With Alphabet Position
- Find the odd int
- Complementary DNA
- Grasshopper - Personalized Message
- Calculate average
- Beeramid
- Your order, please
- Remove exclamation marks
- Abbreviate a Two Word Name
- The Feast of Many Beasts
- Beginner Series #4 Cockroach
- Transportation on vacation
- Find the first non-consecutive number
- Unique In Order
- Lost Without a Map
- Find the unique number
- A Needle in the Haystack
- Rock Paper Scissors!
- Grasshopper - Grade book
- Remove First and Last Character
- Calculate BMI
- Basic Mathematical Operations
- Correct the mistakes of the character recognition software
